Approval for PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx is a qualitative immunohistochemical assay using Monoclonal Mouse Anti-PD-L1, Clone 22C3.  The device is intended for use in the detection of PD-L1 protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), gastric or gastroesophageal junction (GEJ) adenocarcinoma, cervical cancer and urothelial carcinoma tissues using EnVision FLEX visualization system on Autostainer Link 48. Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) PD-L1 protein expression in NSCLC is determined by using Tumor Proportion Score (TPS), which is the percentage of viable tumor cells showing partial or complete membrane staining at any intensity. The specimen should be considered to have PD-L1 expression if TPS ? 1%. PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx is indicated as an aid in identifying NSCLC patients for treatment with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). See KEYTRUDA product label for specific clinical circumstances guiding PD-L1 testing. Gastric or Gastroesophageal Junction (GEJ) Adenocarcinoma PD-L1 protein expression in gastric or GEJ adenocarcinoma is determined by using Combined Positive Score (CPS), which is the number of PD-L1 staining cells (tumor cells, lymphocytes, macrophages) divided by the total number of viable tumor cells, multiplied by 100. The specimen should be considered to have PD-L1 expression if CPS ? 1.PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx is indicated as an aid in identifying gastric or GEJ adenocarcinoma patients for treatment with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Cervical Cancer  PD-L1 protein expression in cervical cancer is determined by using Combined Positive Score (CPS), which is the number of PD-L1 staining cells (tumor cells, lymphocytes, macrophages) divided by the total number of viable tumor cells, multiplied by 100. The specimen should be considered to have PD-L1 expression if CPS ? 1.PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx is indicated as an aid in identifying cervical cancer patients for treatment with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Urothelial CarcinomaPD-L1 protein expression in urothelial carcinoma is determined by using Combined Positive Score (CPS), which is the number of PD-L1 staining cells (tumor cells, lymphocytes, macrophages) divided by the total number of viable tumor cells, multiplied by 100. The specimen should be considered to have PD-L1 expression if CPS ? 10.PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx is indicated as an aid in identifying urothelial carcinoma patients for treatment with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). See the KEYTRUDA product label for specific clinical circumstances guiding PD-L1 testing.  For in vitro diagnostic use.